Hi uh everyone um today we're going to explore the um the OBI AI system or theological vision uh AI system uh which stands for the hot system AI system called OBI AI uh it's going to the system which mean hot in ebook uh the 3 vision AI system uh uh OB today we're going to look at the hypothesis uh for the project which is complet anyway uh to see whether them is solved or not. You know, uh we're going to see uh how the hypothesis have been addressed systematically. Uh what why why use OBI and the uh infrastructure as a service uh for through obsess.org uh you guys understand that uh the original is a polygon system continue something called OBI core and we're going to come back to the um bian infrastructure function core system uh which is OB system uh uh to orchestrates components for AI systems with an large language model core uh written in rust uh for processing large model features. So let's begin uh and see how we trace them side by side. One second. I would pause my screen. Okay. Now we're going to go through the the system. Now we're going to go through the proof like the hypothesis I made. I developed uh got the first hypothesis which was start. We got hypothesis one.1 uh solution versus unbiased model. Uh first of all uh OBI AI is intelligent Beijing infrastructure for AI or AI systems that are unbiased. Uh the Beijing is just uh using Beijing inference to uh reason uh in to make sure the AI reasons correctly. The problem that this model addresses is you know um is using something called um top down reasoning uh and bottom up reason to dictate uh how data resolve demographically. You know the thing is uh take example AI cancer detection system uh that detects AI uh that that takes detects AI uh that uh that cancer in people. Say you have a doctor who takes cancer in patient and this guy is uh let's say a black uh like me u black in the UK but you know I smoke a lot which is not true but let's for example I start smoking I do it a lot uh uh their system they system to detect my cancer uh because the system is biased traditionally bias you know uh because it's a demographic it's localized it's it doesn't generalize it generalizes based on uh I am uh you can't detect me because I am an outlier to say I am I am uh demographically uh u abound you know so if I was in Nigeria right now or or baref Nigeria um and I'm black um and a and a white and a caucasian uh enters the Nigeria and gets cancer smokes a lot drinks a lot he or she uh will then be uh intoxicated but still be the outline of that is uh don't know AI what the data set uh what OBI is much achieve is uh unbiased unbiased being unbiased uh in data modeling uh using uh and uh because we have a model of abnormality and normality because normal is like you know when something is normal it's just uh normal like normal means it's just accepted you know it's perceived as normal but we don't like is meant to be uh addressed uh this model you see on the screen is called see the model you see on the screen. Uh see this here, this model here, the black box model. It's it's really my opinion. Yes. Uh so this is emphasizing the black box model. Uh or or the black box. Uh see this this is a uh see this uh this is a black box uh uh black box here. Uh it's meant to address uh that kind of problem. Uh look this is a That's the black box trans. So when the input goes against the black can't see, we can't observe uh and because the black is inherently biased. It's just like bias uh it's biased. So you can't really understand uh uh what's going on how the model transforms bias input to bias output. Uh hence oi2. So this uh how the system works. Uh a good thing about this you can't really control this bias parameter. You can't control it. It's hard to control it. Uh now how OB this is from something with a co confounder. Uh the confounder is just the how the system processes information based on the input speed. You're just thinking about bias tuning. Think it as bias adjusting weights of that bias parameter uh to get uh um so data set and there's uh bias parameters here. Uh you know the input is biased. We have the bias parameters you have to address. Uh now the device are just the inputs that are to mitigate the bite you know how you want the options of the ear to address uh nuance in context like you know uh how do you want the ear to actually work uh the parameters and the input like the how how much is it and you get a device output um using top down and bottom up reasoning now I'm going to give you an example of when this bias parameter will apply uh based on the confounder uh the confounder is really So there's a there's a a case study that came up in Nigeria right now. People are in Nigeria are happier than people in the UK. This is a well search on the internet because you know that's the question is why do we have a health and social care system in the UK and people are not happy uh people are miserable or like more happier uh less because the ranked was ranked as Nigeria is ranked at the second uh happiest uh country. uh was it next to Niger I believe that EK is ranked 11th uh based on my the hierarchy uh I was so you know last 20 uh my my understanding is uh using subject model is that uh in Nigeria uh we get uh support uh from the community itself but not the government support you we get localized community support uh by friends by family uh but not directly from the government you know we get we do get because we do get some from government but you know we We just get directions. We don't get uh the full support in place but uh to address our problems. You know whether it's a housing problem, whether it's a shelter problem, what is a food supply problem. Uh the neighbors mingle to solve each other and everyone is satisfied and therefore happy. Uh now uh this is natural system, you know, social uh uh health social and housing system for young people or children. and they end up uh trying to go to the government for everything. Now the government has to do for them uh can't do for them uh based on can't do for don't actually address their needs and they're being directed uh everywhere there. Uh the co-founder or let's go to confounder hypothesis uh is really about um how that bottom up system uh works uh for how people are happy how an outcome is achieved. Okay. Is there some case that uh some some cultural case or some ambiguity uh some edge case some corner case has to address based on the base case as a foundation of you know is there nuance in understanding uh subjectively objectively you know just observing the world to address something to debiased you know because eutum U so uh wait do I have to say so uh we got uh uh two models uh we got top down reasoning and bottom up reasoning so uh top down reasoning is the idea that you start from a single source of truth uh and then reason your way downwards to using a a statement or claim you know uh um let's say example all swans are Okay. Uh let's say oh let's say so the same thing. So there's the different models of reasoning. I've never seen a black swan. Therefore, all souls are white. That's a that's a truth. You can ad it's a hypothetical. It's a hypothetical. It's like it does work in context, you know, and can use subjective reason. That's objective reasoning called top top down reasoning because everyone has not seen a black swan or the infamous um Hercules is a man. Therefore, I can't remember that. Yes, that's the original. Therefore, we got your model uh as a basic model you know based on the input data set or the amount of um man you see or the amount of uh uh swans you see that's a white or black uh so that's the confounder hypothesis you know and we got the subject one like you know like you know uh since I've never or uh since I've never encountered a white black black sword all sws are you know or is it like a you know and that's like a reason of the bottom up subjective objective but that's an easy way to relate to it. uh it's meant to be using reasoning systems. How the the base case for that reasoning or the bottom up analogy how the system uh what's the foundation to that system? Uh which is the bottom up way or the top down system to reason that output to the device that data. Uh now no now um you know we have qualitative data and quantitive data. Quality refer to the uh uh quality uh the data set uh like you know cats, dogs which are data regarding animals or like uh like or like wallets uh colors you know uh things you can quantify uh based on their properties you know what you observe quantitative data uh um what we're getting at here is uh top down reason and bottom reason are used to address uh the uh a bias and a bias output you know in a unified source cost uh unified approach to the biased output you know because you can get a data set we still get the bias output and this is the principle the bias uh so we got the hyping uh so so when you train an AI system when you train an AI uh when you system you are really training as pattern recognizer you are you really training it as a as a kind of pattern recognizer uh you know it's going in it's a pattern and that pattern is being amplified you know you go in here it becomes a pattern uh and uh then you get a bias prediction and you get a bias out uh that's what it's saying so you see this step so it goes back feedback. So this goes here AI is bi biases uh patterns pattern matches. Uh that's not what you want. You want to uh not make sure they understand how to reason not just match uh to resolve context of problems. Uh so that's what that's a hypothesis that says uh why AI can crash because it's looking for patterns in data uh to or singular. So you know if you have if you have an AI car you know it's looking for patterns in its own data set to address that problem you know I would never let the AI car drive me if it just works on pattern matching you know because it can match a wrong person or what is known as a false negative a false positive uh so we have a standard structure we got the OB says uh legal so we got true positive uh the AI matches correctly uh true positive uh is true and the AI is true false positive uh the AI is false uh which is the matrix we got true negative I mean false negative which means uh the AI falsely uh identify is negative negatively identify as falsely oh sorry a false positive so the AI cons it's an error so you got true negative true true positive yes true means uh the EI fails to uh and these are all problems for each uh question each address to address uh the sound. This is called a QA matrix. Uh uh QA matrix stands for quality assurance. Uh is a P of soundness have this this AI system is this sound? Does it not match catch? Is it meant to address the four cases true positive, true negative, false positive, and that is what I'm saying. If you go to github.com legal, you can read about the QA matrix or the quality assurance. When people say quality assurance testing, they're talking about uh test during development uh of quality of code not just quantity of the code you write um because you're not trusting you're testing all the case indefinitely of the test you're testing the quality of that code um that you wrote uh based on what you developed you know not just writing a test test test which is called a QA test uh which is TDD or testdriven development life cycle pattern uh it's not a it's not a BDD although it can apply BDD because BDD testing is a behavior different development. If you apply BDD uh the best way to just use is uh just test without tested BDD uh to do is use TDD uh to develop artifacts uh with integration test uh unit test respectively. Uh you don't have to take do uh system testing uh but you know that's what that means uh QA matrix. Uh so that's the battery. So this is a bias person matching uh input. This is just an example. So you got the input uh these bias models. Um you see that's what it means. This is completely done. Uh so you got the epoch uh training do eco for each sample of data set given an element. Do you compute you know this is just biasing how this works. You don't want this in your code. It's just a bias organization of the pattern matching uh algorithm. So we go hypothesis three. Now it's hypothesis 3.1 and 2.3. Uh so uh hypothesis 3.1 states uh 31 uh yes uh hypo 31 is just uh concept of unboxing uh the g of unboxing uh box refers to the concept of gathering the data how the data how the how the AI processes the inputs uh unboxing refers to uh unboxing data data or sorting our data to gain uh like a map of understanding you know whether it's a 2D map or 3D map of that information set you know where does this fit into the cluster of information how do I characterize this thing I already know if he's talking about uh if he's talking about cooking is it he's talking about cleaning you know because you know that's what the news is meant to understand so how this works um uh it's meant to work so we have the concept of 4D tenza if you're familiar with machine learning modules uh 4D tens uh represent uh inner monologue you know our brain our processing of 4D in our brain that's how it works is this kind of 4D relationship uh to to work uh the 4D is the model of the system so how dimensional reduction works it's very important to understand this how dimensional reduction works you take a uh say you are making a 3D game uh uh 3D game uh so if So if you're uh if you are using a dimension regression you have to reduce that state. So you got a 4D tensor uh the 4D t just uh it's just a parameter here. So uh if you define d uh let's call it uh d for dimensional dr uh uh uh uh dr n Sorry. And uh uh what is the sorry? Okay. Um, drd equals uh dr uh uh the equals uh n minus one d uh okay you know you know what you know I'm just going to try to do some formalization here. So what I'm saying to you is we got um to understand that this the whatever whatever instruction whatever your model using when you have a something called the magnitude um uh so this is the formula I want just remember you know this uh Uh so so dr refers to the dimension it's just a function of dimension uh equals d minus one you know you know that's what you're trying to do um the this is just magnitude like you know the magnitude of that dimension minus one you know you got to remove a dimension uh which is just what is it saying so the dr refers to the dimension reduction of the systemus one this is a very practice to do um you want your AI system to able to create a 3D map of the information you know whether it's a 3D game you give it a 3D if it's a 3D game uh and you want it to process in real time you use a 4D tensor to model that and then uh transform that data uh within dimension reduction or unboxing uh unboxing is a concept of like you know the system of unboxing structure unboxing and unboxing uh structural unboxing refers to uh the structure of doing where you want the to understand uh formally or something. The structure of the data is meant to be uh uh structured you know whether it's input is unstructured in say just go in session to structure data in a way that it can be processed further you know this mative process to it can be processed like a brainstorming using K and clustering uh K and clustering refers to um it's an algorithm from graph theory to cluster information into categories uh Not by I J by by by by K. K inverse not a K degree just means uh reduce that to the AB 2D 3D 4D system K clustering is uh is a graph theory method where you clust information based on category uh it's not just it's not uh it's not the nearest neighbor hypo next nearest neighbors you know just to categorize data based on uh what they are meant to achieve for the information set uh in the neuron of the brain you know it's So it can be processing information uh coherently not just matching patterns you know it can index weather information based on the category you've created too. So the K and clustering is really about uh reducing to the end the K dimension uh I J K where K I represents the uh uh the I axis uh the X-axis the Y the Z ais or the map and then the K represent the 3D map you know K 3 plus three map 3D uh so if you have 4D tensor you have a uh AI system in a game or in the real world you have to understand uh uh the 3D map uh it's just it's on what it's interpreting directly what is noticing you know in that game you know uh what is tracking in a game and that gives it uh that can beatic what you can now you can find out how what you can now have automatic understanding uh you now got unstructuring uh say you have like the same data coming from the internet and you now use for you can this allow to uh AI to create new solutions to problems you know something called dimensional game theory. which is my dimension game refers to the concept of using dimensions uh offense defense attack uh to strategically address problems not just linear bound matching or uh it's meant to uh um it's dimensional game theory is about the real world spaces uh actively using to solve semantic filter of flash uh understand systems like that uh that dimension it's dimension so your strategy you have is in dimension. So take chess for example uh chess refers to uh uh you know the the standal mother of is chess you know if someone plays say you have two players in chess I'm trying to give the dimension game theory concept uh two players and they play a perfect game there'll be no victor there'll be no determinism victor uh the game will end in a draw that's determinism so there'll be no winner because they're paid perfectly dimensional game theory it says uh if there's an offense, defense, and attack uh a strategy. And one person uh deploys a strategy like a flank like a and get to giving some pieces of this just one piece. Uh they can they have an anchor to win that game, they can win that game because they they they went ahead to not play a perfect game or do the most optimal move. Uh but you know, if they can do it, but using strategy to address that problem, hence the dimensional game theory. So I'm see my AS play chess too maybe on chest and old but you know that's how dimension gi it's about uh uh creating these things called dimensions addressing problems for that strategy you're trying to deploy you know whether it's an AI uh strategy or like a strategy that affect us so this rule you have to remember the drd equals d minus one uh so that's the dimension every time you have a using a five using a five dimensional tensor uh you a four dimensional tensor and sword and so on till you get the output. You compare you map clear output to the input and output which is a 3D for the 4D 4D you know a dimension less uh you can uh apply dimension uh recursively uh on the on a step on on this side on this step here can apply indefinitely but you know the goal is to smack it on standard and smack your reasoning. Uh so this is the algorithm structural unboxing. Uh yes this you get the inputs for the for but this unstructured unboxing which is the unstructured uh if you're working with the unstructured data uh you want the ATB to process that data uh just on the internet use of formals or you want some uh uh uh structured data structural just refers to uh uh uh data structure uh structured data if you're working from the uh tables or rows or like uh data hierarchical data you can use structural unboxing to get inside the data we built the hypothesis 3 model. So this is the the hypothesis this OBI code for uh function call system uh modular so we got you see this uh we got voice interface so we got the base LLM call this base LLM code is to be written in rust rust.exe which is a programming language uh so so this the llm you know you can now have a uh the FFI uh of the OBO system uh which is Cisco or OB to speak to the uh base L to have the vision model, the accessibility feature, the voice interface and the robust interface. uh this allow you to literally just uh develop features that can be evolve and adapt which is uh thing we will do try to code but this is a poly system it allows you to talk to any language using rust so when you get something called OBI codeex uh you are using that to talk to Python for your voice interface node for robot user interface uh python accessibility etc for interface you know and this can be enabled and disabled on the fly by the user want to interpret the system after being downloaded on the AI system they use it. Maybe it's a drone, maybe it's a AI system, maybe it's a car system, but this allows it to be downloaded and work virtually anywhere. Yep. Uh so this is the input output. So let's go to the other document now. So this uh so okay so now I'm going to uh talk about more about the filter flash and uh let me see. Okay, I want to give you this one. Yeah. Um, this one will be I just sum up this one. So, this is like uh uh the filter flash uh so OBS was in works in something called the filter flash architecture. Uh the filter flash architecture refers to uh how we know or how we know what we know. Uh which is called epistemic uh reasoning. Uh epistemic uh meaning do I know? How do I know? How do I know what how am I show? How do I know? How can I check? You know this is filtering uh is a classical model. Uh filtering refers to the uh sorting out of information and like uh processing. Flash refers to the concept of storing information in a cohes remembering it basically you know so that's what flash you know like structured this is just storing that data but you know in a manner like you know uh package like you know like a structured store refers to the concept of uh uh storing that data that has got in a way that can easily process back again you know filter flashes know whether it's a new insight or not uh the must be able to cohesively remember it and load any time. Uh flashing refers to uh the process of uh gaining new insight. Uh let me give you an example. Say uh say you have a child you know you know you have a child you have a young ch child you know make sure so this how it works. So the one second um one second let me just one second. So um how the AI system works is something called epistemic reasoning. It's me how do I know what I know? Uh so this works with something called uh my DAG uh asyclic DAG or direct asyclic graph and uh you know using the filter flash filtering means uh uh understanding what you're understanding what you understand and then flashing it means storing memory uh understanding this. So let me give you an analogy. Um so say you have like a a child let's give a child example example I have I have a girl I don't have any daughter but you know I don't I don't have children uh so we have like a first one is mostly objective it can be objective or subjective but you know say you have like a a puzzle a puzzle a puzzle piece uh yep a puzzle piece uh one one centime wide you have a rojo rim uh to place that great in a on a you know you give up but you know can do it eventually. But filtering is like uh sorting. How do I sort who do I what do I put here to actually uh uh place how do I start organizing this uh puzzle on the floor? So it's a conscious model. It's like a model of cognition consciousness. How we aware when you start processing the filtering you then do a flash uh you didn't flash it. Ah some kind of you have a recap moment. Okay. This goes here. This goes here. This gets and you get Yes. Now you go back to go to starting again. Now I got this piece. Am I right? Now you get clear picture of what you do. You can get a can try to find the first corner piece. Uh if you really try to go optimal and work from the corner outwards, you know, that's the most everybody's strategy. The simplest you can take. Uh get a find a first corner piece. Uh and then get that room to organize and you can start flashing it. Uh but you can but you can do that to call the flashing you know. uh you know flinging or fashion you know fling just means sorting but if you take a flash you take any piece you just start just find any random fleet uh and you try to build your way up to a solution to the full image whether it's a space rocket or something more uh just a space rocket you know and you get a space you know a view from space of space and the planet uh the planet system you know that's the you're making uh now that's what it is you know cautious and adapting it. That's why we like this model of system. It can adapt to any system meaning that its web intent you know whether you are because you know why we have consciousness in the first place. Consciousness is a static thing. It allows you to dynamically learn from from your experiences and the world around you. Uh and that's the filter flash activation. It's meant to uh conscious of being aware uh uh objectively subjectively uh you know uh you know the thing about uh uh system when we work on bias systems biased AI systems is that uh when we buy because you can uh tailor for everyone it's easy to tailor for without getting bottled down on the nuances and work for any demographic basically in China Japan uh we have like uh um one more thing that so how they actually go to flash flash photo you get up then yeah listens to you or talks to you he learns more about you what is you AI which is uh which is really uh we have something a term called actor the actor term is is not an agent so the to act on your behalf you know to make a request or do something on your behalf what is request uh when you're writing an email send it to my coworker about be nice you know you can on your behalf to go and send an email or postpone something or do something in in the real world on the internet being unbiased. Uh no, we're not building what represents or the intelligent infraction for AI system you can always adapt and evolve it like any other system you know it's not just monolithic it's nonal you can use a python binder like pi OBI to pi OB to net uh speak to uh network interfaces uh or node or or raster or you have a right rece you know it allows you to adapt uh now about the IAS platform IAS platform stands for infrastructure as a service and that's where all the poly system lives so if you go to uhs uh obexuscomputing.org uh that's the website I'm going to use to ship deploy uh the system uh replaces a public system that's for the is the page user service to use all the certific as a service. It's the infrastructure the poly infraure you can pay for such as polyore if you want to pay for services for your business uh to to achieve some kind of uh but it's a pay as you go service you can uh use to purchase uh used to automate your system. Uh so the D resolution is important because you know when you filter you flash you have to filter and flash. The D is meant to say using something called verb noun concept. Now uh one more thing the verb noun concept is very important to this uh because you know the simpler model of concept is called a verb noun pair you know it's not really a concept it's just like a select thing like think speeding car speeding car is the is just a concept uh slowing car or breaking car is Same concept breaking car speeding car. These are two concept that verb is speeding and noun is verb. Verbs are speeding and uh breaking and the noun car of the object. Uh yep. uh which is in real life using social unboxing because already there but if you want to use unboxing to generally use it use can build a flying car you know and that's what you can say how do I build a flying car you start to be more formal you know and you talk to yeah this how you may be the final car but you have to be careful you know here because you know blah blah and that unstructured unboxing to uh depict how that model will work in the real world you know we're trying to get the ear to be creative and so problems actually be useful uh uh I'm not sport people but to be a pessimatic actor to act to do a talks whether you see the calendar notes uh the yeah here is called you say you yeah you know you know it's you but it's yourself what you tell it is what you what you get you know but it's meant to solve your problem being a computer system yes so the dark is just a direct cycle that lives among the two layers of fast car speeding car and breaking car to resolve a concept. Now when you get two concept that two two pairs two or more pairs two three or more pairs that's a verb now concept that uh concept of fast cars or speeding cars or or breaking car now generalize among vehicles you cannot say that car to fast bus uh uh breaking bus I mean speeding bus breaking bus or speeding motorcycle if you're talking about if you're speaking about uh motor vehicle or bicycles or things that move, you know, things that have action associated with them. Uh, but to move uh, you know, in these are called taxonomy pairs, which is my concept of verb noun pairs. Uh, verb noun concept pairs refers to the concept uh, you use to rectify a situation through formal it's a formal concept modeling system for AI to understand how the AI system should not should approach the problem not just crash by pattern machine. uh what concept can I use to explore what's happening here in real time uh and that's what trying to explore uh so state of being aware uh and the subjective reason I believe to address this with dimensional game theory uh what's your theory of u of um dimensions to strategies in dimension offense defense attack that you depict yourself for that set problem uh what you tackling it's a very flexible Now we go to one more thing about say you have a system uh say you now have a dimension grip to use say you have like a signal a tuning system an input system uh this input is meant to tune a slider so you go you know all those airplanes you know say you're making an automatic airplanes you have a system for looking at impulse weather and you want the system to know how to fly this plane now you want the air to learn learn uh but you know when it's flying when the system learns enough it will then come back to the ground and but you know you don't want to play able to put autoplay auto play it's uh what you want all the dashboard of the EI systems of the systems are like uh buttons and dials which is a very complex system we try to reduce that complexity uh to make sure the inputs are on the system can be uh found on the plane so when is flying on find people want to make sure the auto plane is just a safe place to go. So when you put the when it's landing the system flies that plane lands the plane but the impression that the mission gives is the input orchestration like you know how the inputs become output you know what you know because you know if autopilot you don't want to give maybe have a degree of to give some permission to do something until the is achieved uh but what the system should have you know have a dial that uh like a radio dial uh to tune signal to tune signals. Uh that's the thing. Uh when you tune a signal, you are really uh you're really changing many options. Uh you know, until you get a picture, it's not just like switch to uh because it's an it's an analog wave you are changing. Uh so that's what it says. The mission game theory is meant to be for me to capture the nuances of understanding to address that problem. And that's what dimension creator holds you know if I make a slider up and down and it works in inputs it's analog analog or digital uh you can go it can go levels like that or it can be in modes basically like a level of gas system or you can be uh you can be in a in a fluidity of states uh depending on the what you want to have you know we want to control the plane uh just by being in modes uh with limited option. It reduce like you know reduce the input space uh and reduce the AI to make less mistakes uh uh when changing gears or against the two plier pushes in the cockpit uh uh slowly out of the way using a fl observation and that's what the OBI is. a reflection of me uh my condition my thinking uh that I put on paper uh to make sure that it's uh it's coherent. Now you can change the proof on github.com nexusp nts which is github.com which obx patatterents uh just look at the pattern disclaimer just comment but you know it's 25 years patents yeah but you guys can read the proof and I I don't know but I haven't really p you know just just look at the proofs just just read the proof and see whether it's coherent to you uh the uh PDF documents uh so you can go to github.com/obics patatterents uh read the formal uh proofs. Um yes uh one more thing uh um you know when we have the AI systems uh AI is here already uh system you have to uh understand that uh one more let me give you an say you have a a small daughter a daughter a little girl not a daughter maybe you know your daughter maybe some daughter and you wanted to objectively understand what you're saying uh how this actually works you know you give it five colors she said uh and teaching her the colors of rainbows Richard gave battle in vain but you don't tell her the color you wanted learn objectively. So you said um and you don't tell her. So she said she said you give her the color names but you don't tell her which color you want. So you said uh this is blue uh blue for blue you know and she just look at the colors that the names text you know and that teach the AI okay yes this is blue uh using trial and improvement trial and error to uh address that scenario. So when you when she picks a long color you then uh take that color out uh and let it try again. That's what you want to give the AI to understand what is the concept you're trying to explore you know not just showing a blend images that's objective reasoning model using dimensional game theory uh so you want the to be during training uh training is very important using unsupervised training unsupervised learning so unsupervised learning refers to the concept of uh letting it try again and coming back later to see that result supervised learning is like uh saying uh uh so give this do the test and then super supervis like you know I'm going to change I'm going to watch your inputs uh I'm going to change to see what output you give me I'm going to supervise you get the right output uh yep uh and then we got uh supervised learning then we got unsupervised learning which is the concept of um uh not supervising the AI to do something you know like you know you do more like uh uh test but you don't supervise the AI in the tra you let the air do the test come concepts explore that problem using the group theory and then unsupervised make sure it's doing that job reinforcement layer which which is really generative AI systems that take the input and go back to input output you know you know it forces itself what it knows based on the new data set uh do I understand what I understand do I not understand what I don't understand you know understand this clearly based on the QA matrix uh so that's what I'm saying so you know uh when is real world We also deploy a 95.4 metric uh um scam system. You know how this works is uh for the conscious model you know for vacation you know this like a test to regulate uh real world AI you know things that operate in the real world not in your bedroom uh but you know things that drive trains uh wrong place you know because you know it's meant to be uh it's meant to be safe what safe AI 95.4% 4% uh 95 for both suspense is useful here. It's going to be a benchmark everything you know 95 refers to 95% refers to the clamping radius you know uh for the conscious model we understanding the concept around it uh properly before is deployed you know this is a pass using the QA matrix true positive false positive force negative force positive you know uh that's what the ear is going to be doing uh and then the 4% is like you know if I do if I do if If I if I don't understand by four by four but four you know and I round down I'm a bit frustration I round to 95%. So it's like if it's 95% it's a clamp it's clamp between 95 and 100% uh of the cor understanding while it's driving in the real world why it's flying a plane in the real world why it's uh riding while you while the ear is on the auto plate you know that's what the percent understand now the sub model um which I didn't say uh before for the music when you get a little girl to um to internalize the colors so you give her you can say you kind uh write something up down about that color. You know what she knows. Uh this is and she says uh uh you give her a note to get this color this this meant to be this kind of color. You know uh give her hints too. You can give a hint but until she subject to understand that this is red, this is green, this is blue uh you know using dimension game theory uh which is a strategist to get to understand something in context. Now the dimension game theory is meant to address kind of problems. Uh it can address dimensional problems or it's not just game theory. Uh uses to address problems in war problems in uh AI system health system organ failure uh uh big systems basically uh and that's what the logical vision infrastructure for AI represents. Okay. Now uh thank you for watching. like, share and watch his videos. Uh you can go to github.com/ob when it's complete but it's going to be written in rust. Uh but the proof is ready. Uh you can check it out yourself. You can download the repository. Uh but don't steal my work. Okay. Thank you. Attribute me. Attribute me when you do. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Welcome back to everyone to OB Nexus. Um today I'm going to talk about computing um an AI model of development. Um at OBS we strike we do everything from the heart. If you don't know now you know everything is with human touch and a human position. First OB means heart and nexus means connection. OB is heart in ebook and nexus mean connection. two or more things. OB Nexus is hydration services. Today I want to describe one of one new innovation called one one new innovation called um the OBS AI system for AI OB AI system uh uh for OBS architecture and OBS tooling. In this in this video we want to explore the concept of AI the AI blackbox in depth without without um without bias. You wait for it. The idea of the Orbin XS AI system is to make sure that when we when we beat AI to we ensure that we are building this for with human we building it u for humans by humans. The idea this although although although oh sorry one key problem in AI development is opening is AI information processing done by AI. How information play AI? Well, um, in openness computing, we have a formal proof to open this box, the black box in the air of AI model systems. But we have a right n have a formal proof or which I created um to be tested um for for real life AI systems. Although although although I have although the proof is still in development, the proof of concept is still in development. I I feel I want to share with the masses um how we develop AI systems at OBS and it's branch of services the branch computing branch of services access computing um first um first we have a formal proof mathematical proof that you can look at explain the logic behind it you can find how to follow along um this proof is the paper store and obnext access.org website. This is about revolutionizing AI technology from moving opening that black box and opening to understand what the AI is really model is really thinking not not thinking what is really processing how it processes information and recognizes patterns in data. Um so what is the OB AI model we're building? The OBI model is a model that solves various all these problems in AI and really we want to open that box away that box so we know understand that AI system it's going to be used on the obnext.org old website to handle sales, marketing, no um login issues and forgetting password or if you need human assistance, it will take you to our human assistants. Me and others on computing who are live with you on that site looking at waiting for requests if they cannot resolve it. Um you want to do is write this. I want to open this box. OB AI models we are biased are just traditional traditional AI models. We we we remodeled we we we changed we we we upgraded and changed well I upgraded and we we we we thought AI from the top top down to the bottom from the theory to the practice practical use let's start now um AI tradition AI tradition AI are naturally biased AI whether it's bottom up or top Let give me example. If you have an AI model and you feed it um um and you have the data, the data is what you want to feed it input and you put that data in and you give an output. The more data you give it, the more patterns it learns from that is that it gives you the corresponding output. This is that this is unclean with the bottom approach in air model or not done right or not filtered. It's the air will be naturally unbiased naturally unbiased naturally biased naturally naturally biased two intrusion ear models that's data preparation cleaning is handled unless we have a system but if you have a system where uh in top down model and we have a top we have a top down approach where the is built first and then fed in patterns then it can then see filter it that way to give you an output. We we obs do do things differently, a bit differently. First of all, the obus um the obus u the obus uh the OBI hot AI system is going to be on OBS website. Again, I'm going to repeat that. It's we want we want you to be able to do sales with OBS's team OBS people's customers and consumers customers and consumers but we're not consumer customers the goal here of the having the AI is to our goal is to slowly integrate features to make sales maybe to make sales auto like with partners partnerships Um well but like as a system grows in complexity and more people more authors want to more business want to buy or individuals want to buy cuz yes um because opens has three three three main open computing has three main ways to do stuff. single licenses. You want to use one, you get documentation, you get everything you need all in one and you just use it. You're just yourself individual. Then you have business license. You get support and documentation. Well, support from business support and you get documentation and you use it and you get help and you get the enterprises who have um um uh to two. Yes, you go to pre users too who have um um who have who have subscription service too like a sub model too for partnerships that's what it is really um there's there's two solution models if you really want to invest systems now um so there's let me give you an anal example systems uh uh in so when in America I can't remember when long time ago we those deals in America when um an ear model sold uh sold uh sold a car for a dollar a car was a Lamborghini or race I don't know was it was it was it was on the news as well and uh it was it was a legal matter that has to be pursued because the AI was making mistake and a lot of people uh AI to make sales we want to get that Right. Or computing the goal here is any business goal here is partnership. So I really see DC in this technology. So what we're trying to do at OBS um open is being an AI model that ships that ships that allows businesses um makes sales allows like it's just a sales he has other applications too but it's it's like a it's like a way it's like a it's more of a experimental system it's meant to be an AA assistant and an EA agent too. Okay. So, um here we're going to open the back. We're going to open a box now. So, this how the OBS AI works from theory to practice at OBS AI. The Beijian the Beijian network is core at the core of um the OBS AI. is at the heart of the engineers. Our model, my model on um and theory theory states um that uh for data um when when data bottom of third down is when creating a model when fed into the data when it is feeding data through either reinforcement learning that's input to output output to input uh traditional methods like standard methods not traditional trans standard method or machine learning practices and use of data structure like algorithm of KN clustering of data and uh and uh and all of that. My three states is a probability model is what's we use a probability model instead of a to map out the data. So that's a probability graph known as a basian network to have a large language model too. Um the best for this uh have a severe piggyback we demonstrate in the pro concept and show using this model which is you can show too um how the Beijing network does it and other ambigu another ambigu is not mentioned in this video. We we want to create a map a map of the data not not just recognize patterns in the data. Our go our goal here is to create a map of the data like like dots of points of data to ensure integrity and uh and uh integrity of the data. You want to map out the data when you buy when you buy the formal proof. You get a proof of concept too. Okay. Of the data on biasing algorithm and you want to demonstrate the want to run we demonstrate how the AI module handles data. And this is what the OBIs are meant to do uh through to packets and this is very mathematical and rigorous. So take your time to consume it. This can be used to demographic on bias data too and implications are enormous in the health and financial industry like detection of cancer cancer detection in demographics. We are not we not we not really trying to uh change the way nature of AI is made. We trying to innovate AI systems to open that box. How do AI process data? In the proof of concept, sorry, in the proof of concept, you will learn about from theory to practice using the examples. You learn you learn about you you know about you learn about um um how to make your AI infrastructure also. I give you have you have AI in structures but what I can give you now is that AI a components are very can be modular modular too take for example uh a large language model with an accessibility feature the goal of the large language model is to well text data and refine it you know help the user understand But if the person can talk, they can talk in it. They can talk. They can talk. And uh the idea of this is to have extensible components of the group of the AI component systems and make sure makes them modular and um reusable and extensible to you have a full working product. Each feature is crucial about what they do like the accessibility uh if it's a language model it's a it's an accessibility feature to have a voice interaction or voice chat and this AI system is scalable too robust and easy to debug especially when you we try to investigate the box we open the box see where you went wrong see why it's acting in the way it does. So um from text chat to voice chat from voice chat to well you know what robotics robotics robots and systems that intellect engage like AI is meant to be. We're trying to see also see whether it's AI calculation or AI artificial intelligence what is actually artificial intelligence cuz some of it some of us believe that um AI is just calculating calculating it's a calculating just by its own systems and taking shortcuts in traditional models take take for example mental shortcuts like take example a basketball shooter Yeah, system just um make a shot to the basketball net and shot it he misses and recalculate or what is known as thinking uh so to some humans but it's about refining the algorithm to make sure that the whether whether AI is actually calculating or intelligent our goal is not to dismiss AI officials in fact we're going to innovate to make sure make a ensure that AI systems are coherent and do what they do mean to do what they do we meant to so away simple we're doing ways by bit by bit so if you when when when when the OBI is available it will be at the obexus.org computing store obexus.org and then and the services and it will also be on the payhip.com/obi nexus store. Um so takeaways today we are trying to innovate and use traditional algorithms a algorithms to form better AIS but using a different theory to run a theory that's more human friendly human sensitive for those who care about air regulation practices and being human. So that's that's that's all for now. Thank you. My name is Nambdi and uh subscribe to all my social media uh Tik Tok at uh all the others. Thank you and goodbye. See you later. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Subscribe.


---

Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel. My name is O Nami. My name is Namdi. I'm from Obi Nexus um um Obi Nexus um computing team. Uh today I want to introduce uh something called a new tool called Leolico. Leolico is a library that's polymorph makes polymorphic cores also known as a polymorphic core library. uh uh uh the problem is that um the problem is solved is uh using API development uh to seamly integrate all API systems into one unified uh unified system. Uh the problem for work is the problem the problem with P address is um it shows u is this um is this call or functions and all the data across different languages. Um so for example uh a function with a type uh string a simple function add add two numbers a a and b uh the type numbers uh but now now you want to have string support you have to set different logic um you have to assert different logic uh so but so you now have a function a and b that has two numbers you have these two numbers are integers you didn't assert that logic and now you want to add a number to a string That's the polymorphic uh like it's polymorphic in nature. You assess different type of data. Um polymorphic nature. Uh lipol is lipolico is a lipo is a polymorphic [ __ ] that that for any language it's language it's data going it doesn't care it just gives that data. Uh it is a huge milestone in uh developing uh APIs. Um I'll show you how it works but about word about lip policle on the store. When you go to the paper.com/ob nexus you get uh you can search for lip polyico uh lip poly can get an individual license uh business license and uh and enterprise more partnership and insight on the project. Uh so that's for projects. Uh individual license is just one license. You just get a use document. You get documentation to get everything to it. And you get the business license. You get the documentation and support. You can message me directly. Uh and then make calls and see how can your business and then uh then um you get um partnership program where you can partner with us on ideas and help us uh help us help you. If you're just really good, you get approval. If you're a business, you want to get approval or disapproval. You work with me. We'll give you insights on the on our tools or more tools that may be useful for you along more data too. So you can help you understand uh how to go about your own business processes too. Uh Leo is a procore library uh using C uh C uh program. Okay. So uh so traditional APIs fall short of uh fall short cuz everything API say you have a weather API and the weather API uh tradition API have have average computations. So if I if I want to say have a weather API a weather API uh a weather API uh I want to make a quot in Python or NodeJS or or or Scala or or even C I have to have a C implementation to drive that logic. I think it's import the the the weather API package for C for Python for um node and all that uh and it's it's it's very it's driver to just drive the logic uh that API is very bad uh have a bad API design because I have to learn the languages with the binance uh with the package itself called binance uh now now I'm going to show you how the polic solves all this problem all the mess of architecture Uh so so what what le does all is very simple uh but it's very beautiful as well.exe is uh is the main entry point for the program. Now the policle has something called a config file. Uh that config file just the binding act. Let me example an analogy. All squares all squares are rectangles. All squares are rectangles. Not all rectangles are squares. Simple. That's a very simple analogy. Uh so this what uses example. So all squares are rectangles. Not all are squares. This means that uh all bindings all bindings to data. Any function that transform data and binds to data are squares in that aspect. Uh they are packages node packages. Node packages uh they don't drive logic. They just bind to data and bind to logic. um that is um the binding of that's called a binding a node polic binding or python policle binding or any binding like that and there is a and there is something uh and and a bon C binding C poly node poly this b what the developers install to change the polyore exe file which is the problem now No, no, no. All binaries are binary protocol. Uh which which ship the data which which server calls to handle the data? That's your server calls the bindings. It's fine. Uh and all drivers are all drivers. So there's no there's no server is a driver code. So the server handles the logic of the user controls the user how these the server uh p binance to drive the second. So you can import node polication of node polic and that polycore binding that's policy for using server. Um now when the end user um wants to come to that API uh so the server uh this server ask model. So that's what the code is. Uh what is a program the exe program it's meant to um serve handle the uh server request. uh what protocol really does what the policle what the policle the polyle x is doing is really uh it's a it's a proxy it's a proxy and a reverse proxy uh program that uh handles the data and and and gives it to the uh gives it to the client uh uh so let me example it has it's an intermediary what it is is an individual proxy system that handles the data server server using the policical binding and the uh and the and the main um and the main clients who was consuming their data. uh introducing model um anybody it's very hard to set up system like that uh cuz you know uh polycore is uh it's one of the tools alone it's really it's one of one of those tools that's really make sure to um that's really uh better than solving problems because you binding from driver code actually execute logic uh uh but the bindings are just mapping to data but what can bindings can still drive logic Uh just remember that. So so I'll show you how to use PCO. So uh let me give you an example. So let me give so much like you have a server on the internet anywhere in the world. Um the first command you want to give you you have first anywhere in the world and it's a proxy system. So when a server a user makes a request to the server um the data the protocol come intercepts the data the service request and then um and then uh intercept in between request and then when and then handles the data hand data processing uh ex handles the data processing and then uh gives it back to the server put it to the server gives to the server and the server stores it and stores it with all his data. Now if the user uh the same user for that data session whatsoever and that that user can then uh request that data again uh and gets that data back uh the problem with protocol so far is uh protocol so far it's it's really it's really program interface it's a program so anyone can request any data of the of the server and the polic we have we have to have authentication commands where authentication authorizes command to make sure the users are authentic authorized Well done. So Polo is a proxy system and a reverse proxy. It's a bouncer at a nightclub. It lets people in. This means reverse proxy. A proxy is someone that intercepts a request of both an agent and it so is a bouncer and a and a proxy system too. Uh so that's the it program configuration files are secured. So um uh so one now introduce the features of polyore. Poly core is a polical library. So you have standard binding system to bind to any language but you can write your own python package anything. Uh if you have a different requirement you suggest you a bank cobalt systems have you have to write your own cobalt bindings to that system and import it to your bank location. So then you use it uh now now uh can use that in secure binding way or you can use uh anything like that. Now, now if you have your own nodejs bin by using node anyone open poly node poly the main objective of poly is to uh poly is the center of all communication you're going to hand data and language list it doesn't care uh just give the data and answer the request get post get post get post remember update delete so crude operations both of them send HTTP request it's a stateless and uh it just serves that data uh to for any binary architecture. Now I want to introduce the commands. You have the the first command I want to introduce is the FFI. So for any language you use um you have FFI command you have Python FFI node FFI uh which natively with the binaries I want to make poly the polymorphic library all I'm going to show you the trial uh again I'm I'm going to introduce command so far. So you got the a poly configuration file to configure um the files on a polical system where the poly file is is uh what it is. So you have a config polic file and uh when you configure the data that's what it is. So what I'm saying now is uh you have the binding the FFI command which for function interface interaction which is seamless communication within for Python binding Python the header H5 Python and you got the uh FFI command. So polyore ffi to handle function interfaces uh allowed to allow you know what I'm saying for systems you don't need configuration you get the micro command for microservices uh microservices are everywhere now so you do micro command is build have a bank card have a bank card component next to a uh ad service you then you want to you want to want to go to the bank card and then you don't know whether third party access is malicious so you have to check the security risk You don't don't want to give security to it either. So you just um isolate the micro what the micro the polyore micro command does isolate the bank service from ad services and that's what the polic micro command does. So you can isolate components uh bank card uh to and that data isolation data ship an API and isolated data in the real world in the real environment and now uh how policy really works is in the real environment you use the polyore file config polic and that's it and that's set up the whole system uh for you can configure you add the binance you add the node b just package node bin which node packages node polic packages so pi polic any polic system you're using to interact with the main system uh and the ship user the data based on anything you want to do that's binding uh you got FFI command you got the core binding core binding logic now you got um the micro command fi config micro and now you trying to make it work on the that new command called edge computing command uh edge computing command is very important it's for node caching uh and trigger updates only when needed. Uh obviously an update say you have a server in uh United States and you have one in UK and you have someone in uh let's say France France France and then don't have a ser no you have a server in US state America and you have a server in uh oh in UK um and the server the server is in the US let's assume that uh and then uh and then you have a new server here but you don't have one in France you don't you don't have one in France how are the cost so it's Also the edge computing command edge uh uh source the edge computing uh problem where we want one one problem to bring Alexa stop where you want to bring data data closer to the source of data so get um computer to get people get comput is very important to get people their data get people information get people where they are uh information as soon as possible you know uh so how this problem solved is solved is um we cach we cach at the nearest node uh on the server Uh so if there's a cach so if if the the US server is in the US server there and then uh UK server yes and now this is from the US server to the UK server because was requested from the front server but the front server uh ces the server where it's going to be get back unless an obvious is triggered on under a database and people using a protocol API on and us then um the polical system will update the system. So so you have France will then make request to the U server to to the UK server. We then look for updates on the front on in the US your server to then deploy the updates but if it's not updated it's all cached and the server just works. That's a poly edge command edge computing command edge edge command. Um and there's one more we got a telemetry command. Uh telemetry command is very important. Uh uh uh cuz we all have a tele is very important for this this gathering inside gathering. So you have a server any server on program language. You want to learn best. You want to know people use your site a lot. You want to know what's what languages you use for tutorial. You want to get insight any data. Um I have any data. uh telemetry can help you gather insight on your data or what people your servers and everything it telemet data insights and information reporting that's what telemet really gives you that's a polical terri version um I'm going to this command to be implemented uh in the full version and it to be it works with the the poly rc file which can be in JSON or the poly standard file Uh so that's what it is. Uh uh for the binary for the binary architecture you don't have to mix and match and don't forget now you have to [Music] now so that's that's a command that's implemented can be implemented but I'm going to show you the code binding command how to use the buckle in a real world environment and uh try to show you how to use it uh how to use it now. Okay uh I'm going to show you how to set this up and use it. Okay, one second. Okay, thank you for watching and like, share, and subscribe. And subscribe.

uh 7th of um uh uh 7th of March. Strange. The time now is 11:09 uh uh 11:09 a.m. No, 11:09 a.m. So, I'm making a video or three videos today this morning, but I'm not going now for any reason whatsoever. One second, guys. You know, camera. So, here. So, so this is my sign here. near entry allowed uh until all number 15 possession uh all number 14 possession rein so that's me but you know uh the right to uh literally to move out the room like you know I see some of the idiot you know trying to get me to move out the room these are people whose capacity and he's supposed to do stuff but you know I'm fighting for humor at bare minimum and they're telling me no sense. But look, I I have to call CQC as well. So I have to get out. I want I have to get out and sort things out. But you know, I'm not going out for anything other than the food. Like you know, what's the point of negotiating normal with the burgers BN6 9LE like you know I'm not on the mental health 193 but I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. Okay, next time. Um so this video was um about um lipolico uh uh lipolico uh bindings driving seck. Uh basically it's uh about uh lipolico. Leelico, Alpha Lima, I for indigo, B for Bravo, P for Papa, O for Oscar, Alpha Lima, Y for Yankee, C for Charlie, A for alpha, alpha lima, alpha lima dash, V1, V for value, I for indigo. Let me just get it here. Uh, it's the world's first poly system. Uh, so this is basically Polo V1 budy. Uh yeah, I already ended 2FA, you know, uh April 6. Oh my days. I have to look up. So I may be looking but already uh 2FA. Have I not enabled it? Uh look, I can't be looking for TFA. So um I have to look on my phone today. So it's good to go find my phone. So uh the polic is uh the world's source polyglass um system is basically uh the future isn't coming. It's here and it speaks every language. Uh the basically the program first uh so hard poly was used for the bin.exe uh um the bin.p.exe uh which includes for one system uh but I'm with poly so bindings uh basically the bindings are uh target programs you're going to have uh java poly uh cobook poly uh rust poly uh all the languages poly poly and you can do binary. All bindings are drivers. All bindings are squares. They are all bindings are rectangles. They enjoy. So the bindings. So let me show you one of the bindings here. So you can go to the binance here and look for bin uh pi polycom. So this allows you to talk to python uh pi polycom. Uh this is tri. So I'm going to go to tra something usable in the robot. uh but it's just an minimum viable product I delivered uh with stream. Uh so uh this talk to any language but this is Python policy protocol you can run an exe to uh test py code or you can use curl now curl works everything works in tenant uh just the binance I'm just give bindings are bindings uh are things that hook uh in a bial fashion uh you can uh you can use invoke logic from uh pip let me go to my two out so pipel is uh Python uh poly exe. So they are packages that you install with Python uh pip p uh p for papa i for indigo p for and for np npm install uh pyon and you can install them uh I mean pip install so this is all five four symmetric equal so this is a foright philosophy uh so you can go symmetric processes um they're not procedurally all processes are birectional uh so you can have a two-way communication uh via duplex stream so a two-way is a duplex And that's what four square is perfectly binding and the rectangles are drivers. So they are um they are procedures um uh very procedures not process. So a process is a birectional FFI front function interface and they are can be native or nonative to system a whole system or not or you have the uh driver which are processes or procedures. Now the procedures are two-way equaliz interfaces. They what? And they are difference to um uh driver. So they are USB they are platform specific or target specific or something but they are they're universal. They're still universal. They're just um uh built for one system uh uh like uh one platform like uh x86_64 um or or x6 pair for bit architect how it's built. Um but you know uh you can have a shop a a a uh which is I don't know how to do that but that's what Unix native so you have an EMC arm for ARM assembly instruction set for uh systems of um um using ARM processor u but you know the go to have system work on it. um go to develop more bindings of the system uh via the pip poly interface. Uh for example um we go to have a binding um more binance for um for for for cell operation like uh PI poly GPS um uh like you know uh like you know this policy we can have pi GPS polic um can just um start bringing all the system um through so I'm trying to build two main things to the system uh so you get a um um binary system so basically the the driver is going to have two execution because you have two pairs of equal side going to have two independent executable. Uh so we going to have like a mean exe from developed by by Python and you're going to have like a P like a PI driver uh by Python. Okay, you hook that up to the system of uh PI uh uh like you know if you have a Python driver PI driver like a pi poly driver uh you can to a lure poly driver you know because the drivers are work on two-way communication. you have two executable which called interdependency. Now interdependent libraries such as ROS RS can have an ES key ROS usables and they are um because you know having two executables um to uh to handle a program is not a bad thing. It's just that you know they are set so you have to be careful how you manage them. So you know um because they know of security. The the good thing about this is you can have two executable from two target language like Python Python driver and the driver will have two end points executable nest. Um so the girls is a secure system uh you know because they have two keys to one um public key two public two private keys or two public keys to one private key or two private pro two public programs one that handle security based on peer-to-peer model uh which is basically a topology fashion for network um network infrastructure. So you know Because you can have two uh uh something that's down and up up is up is down. Uh but you know you can have two uh something that serves like a banking system that uses driver execution concern but not actually across all architectures uh because you know the the philosophy is basically uh to have logic solid logic that provide you concern for application too. So you can have two tags here. You can see it's all possible with the project. So um so you can have the banking apps. So uh I have some uh apps to uh build here. Uh examples apps here. These are examples but they're not complete. They're far from complete. Uh yes these are the make files here VC package. So this can be only package with VC package. So you know uh this is the process. So you get some some banking secure bridge here. Uh uh this is what's on um the the banking secure bridge. So you know this is u uh uh uh the the banking secure bridge um this is the banking system uh this is u but they are all um project that you can work on poly system they allow you to work on systems on of um um of mesh topology uh uh because you know the the the bindings very circular and you know the program is the main interface the main orchestrator of the system so the poly is um which is has a polyore um do slash um basically if you read the read uh you get uh the program first approach zero trust and determ advantage. uh but why now why polic and the and you know you can be this for yourself you know I want you to have this system for your life you know in the world of in the world of large language silos be univers protocol in the age of security be the zero choice architecture in the area of blind systems be the intelligent observer the future company is here and see so the beauty of this system is that um the the system can be um you can you can you can do much bing as you want to have an executable to have a what I call independent going to drive up bin you can have a polatic system that grows and evolved um the evolution of a system uh but I'm saying is that it's not a bad thing so for example this is a build version let me show you the binance on the so you go to the poly v1 this all you need this polyex now this is Unix build so this unable instruction this is just a binary file you can download can start or to use it in a environment. So if I could go here uh uh open in terminal wsl so I'm now in debian mode wslg uh ws space-g space ubuntu I'm now heading to ibuntu's um uh Unix mode so now that's just policle u policle now I get the inter now I can type in can type in this basic but you know if you want you can do to the poly code that's f now that's f is not stated here but that's what gives you the file this file now this is basically configuration of the production but I want but that's f is equal to file and you need a config poly file here so one config just to show you if you guys need to take not config poly file you you have you everywhere and anywhere so let me just find the the the the configure protocol here. So this is configure protocol here. See how it's the server maps to the so you get this code. So you see these are all commands too commands. So my server node uh node polic server python 300 and form you know basically it's taking all this port um using this port and exposing um uh this is your server port or your server port your collection from and this is a a from this is a uh uh to uh from this port uh to this port from this port colon map to this port colon map to this one from this port you know this is we can all you can you can use the command here to um to do. So if you do f config polycom see polyform uh let me do uh cat config polycom and this I said it's there already you know uh but you're going to use uh this configuration will show you here. So this where everything is at so you're going to have that you're going to do um polyle uh ff config.pol protocol and see it's start a server here but you can have the uh you can have a new server you can have a server uh rust uh 30 mapped to 8089 and this should add the polical server to serve and you see so started so the server command is there uh these are all commands here but they all these are tokens you know and uh network start you know you see it just start the same thing so it takes a server here inmemory server and you know if the person closes this ROS program will not be able to map the but they are architecture specific so they are working on kind protocol so it's very beautiful program here uh but this this just this is the program here so you're going to use the binance to going to install the binance and drivers of the program to do it um but to go there so this is poly files these are the so let me try and show you a bit two two more things so the good to have this as an SDK so the SDK will be um some kind of target platform or some operate system we operate on but SK operates on one SK. So it it all plays on the interdependent concept of um having question VR four direction bridges you know so you have two sets of pairs of drivers um that will handle four cases of of system um uh coherent um state you know because goal is to have using uh goal is to have four program um uh you know it's going to be beautiful to understand uh you to understand but the software development kit is the goal here so the the soft give you expose you to so if you find more bindings and more drivers can start to build your website on NG but I'm going to build a system that polygatic so my is going to be polygatic obviously so good to find a software development so the software will allow you to develop software such as OBX symbolic interpreters like you know theological basian intelligence symbolic interpreters that AI that knows what he's doing what I call the AI knows what he's doing um or know he's doing what he's saying understands the deeper in via pro system so the pro system defined as um uh let me go here cuz my face is um the proed as P uh a pro as P uh given S um P uh uh uh colon what does that mean um P such that state implies uh data so um so that's that's P sub external equals state implies data so um implies data so you're observing the data yeah outputs basically But here is the data itself. So it's not a system of a failure. It's just the probe system hasn't shown you the internal stuff. So if you look at the other side of this data, you got a probe data probe internal probe in um uh such that column uh data implies state and that's what called a symbolic interic system. So this could on one person work on this is ontological basian intelligence architecture as infrastructure um but this AI system that knows so this these are the products developed by SDK uh software kit and you know the more um development kit you have the more um you have like ODI SDK1 uh you know you're talking about the poly node poly or you know you know you got to have a system of stability so my system for my website autoological basian intelligence architecture and this system will be for my own ontologology based int architecture and this will be because system of nonlinearity has via the software development kit for the so you can work with targeted platform architecture and be interdependent because you know you don't want to update most of them and roll back roll back so it's really no roll back safe mode um that come to house you know rob to ready yet so that's what I'm saying so that's what you can you can work at um the political website so uh any post that has schema such as um SKML schema can be mapped to the port. So you can use an XML configuration um via the uh FR flag you know uh because the FL XML configuration um and that's the beauty of So the XML map external map um the it's not a C it's not a C it's a F you can put an XML and we know you're using XML to as your configuration of lip policle and that's why it's safe for the web it's web friendly uh because XML is transport XML can be transported layer so uh today I'm going to give the solutions of the system for leico um leo v1 obsess mk2 repository obsc for bravo I for indigo n for echo s for mk K2 mark 2 because I'm trying to myself I can't this time but that's good. It's basically a a safe way to uh I'm trying to have a docker container as well. So to have the container uh ship the product in isolate a VM because you don't have to isolate the program you have to isolate the the processes that deal with the program state. So they will not be um inter um um like you know working towards insecurity. Um so you know so we won't break the philosophy basically. Um but the poly v2 will be ready will not be ready until our repressed out. So go to v2 repository you will not be using it's not safe but you got a demon there. You got a demon there you got an isolated demon. So the isolated demon for the polical v2 is what we are there yet. So uh uh so the goal is to have the system poly. So this v1 uh you go to bind. So you're going to have um H as B as you going to go to. So if you want to go to the Binance repositories, you can go to uh MQ2. You go to M2. So you can go to uh you can go to uh uh like you know Java poly. Now Java poly uh Java poly you can run um pom.xml XML uh poly server you know uh java java target poly I can install this like literally um based on the polyexe you know uh uh npm package you can run this you can run this the goal is to have this uh for all target languages um all but you know the the binding and soft kit is basically literally the goal of the two executable you can have one for debug you can have one for uh ram you can have pe system you can have one system of native you can have a lua polycol No this is binded v1 trial you know uh MK2 but it does work in so you're going to have the rocksp spec you can install of this here uh this l i see this is the bin cognition so if you look you are expecting a port mapping of 2005 2005 and this binary so basically you see the bindings the con there for the bin so this is basically a system of um GCC um procedure via the system of um you know uh what's allowed what's not allowed but you know it goes to isolate the processes it's beautiful relationship thank you guys for watching this video uh like share and subscribe um that's how it works so the next step is to build um the website um the polic OBS so uh basically my iw uh uh indigo west umbrella obnox via reverse domain naming not means laws low. Um, so equals low. U I W equals low. Uh, G I indoor jam for jam. I for indig equals uh it means means litally uh uh uh uh uh um uh order I and then you got or g o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h o for h for o for oscar. for ham for alpha. Obex for bravo I for e for echo x for x from.org old that's open and I'm still the website um on my uh GitHub page for now you know expose some API on GitHub so you know but you know it's going to be because I look myself out account so I'm not going to sell on this account until my security so it's going to be problem if I can't find my phone but you know as long as everything is public facing it will be I can continue the work I'm doing um but you know I'm trying to have this docker containers uh so docker can um expose the support I need um safely to a from a virtual model into the whole real world processes um that you try um via the open website. Um but you know that's the feature of the system. It's a it's polygraphic. It allows you to language and know if you go to if you go to if you go to um YouTube.com OBX and you go to playlist. So if you go to my YouTube channel youtube.com/obex you go to playlist you go to V1 you can watch the video of V1. So V1 is here. This is a full playlist here and how to use it. You you have to use it. So yeah, basically this I explain. So if you go to youtube.com/oscar, youtube.com nex for bra for indigo for echo x for you can find my channel. But if you go to the playlist section, you click on um playlist section. Let me show you how you do that. So you go you go uh you go to youtube.com/obic/play. Um please you can just go to the playlist tab here. Uh uh. So at O for art, B for Bravo, I for indigo, N for E for P for papa, F for lima, A for alpha, Y for Yankee, L for love, love, I for indigo, F for Sarah, T for Tango, F for Sarah, Obs playlist. Uh you go to playlist. You go all the way down. Scroll down all the way down. You click on view playlist. Um the world's first polygon system polymorphic function called view playlist. And then you go here and you can use how to use polygraphic um library. Um so this is example I showed you uh here. So how to use a a polygon system. Uh yeah let's just watch it for the end. So this is local host example. Uh basic portion see all the data from this system. Uh you can watch the video here here. But this example here so remember you can use XML to you um seration. I hope that that does work. I haven't tried it but you know uh you know just um uh I haven't managed to try it. So you know uh so you can have the system. So you got the logo here if I get the logo back. Yeah. This logo here. So this say so you can watch the videos here if you want to review it. But that's go to you guys to get on board with it. Um uh uh but I'm trying to build software kit. So the goal is to have you guys to build um software with it. Um um go ahead uh like, share, subscribe. Um my name is Bala O for Oscar K for P for Papa for Alpha E for Lima for Alpha. Um container for now. Uh go go ahead guys. Thank you guys for watching this video. Bye-bye. Like, share, like, share, and subscribe. Smash that subscribe button on Tik Tok X and uh LinkedIn. Smash, smash, smash, smash it, smash it. I don't know saying that like that. Okay. Property.

Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel. My name is O Nami. My name is Namdi. I'm from Obi Nexus um um Obi Nexus um computing team. Uh today I want to introduce uh something called a new tool called Leolico. Leolico is a library that's polymorph makes polymorphic cores also known as a polymorphic core library. uh uh uh the problem is that um the problem is solved is uh using API development uh to seamly integrate all API systems into one unified uh unified system. Uh the problem for work is the problem the problem with P address is um it shows u is this um is this call or functions and all the data across different languages. Um so for example uh a function with a type uh string a simple function add add two numbers a a and b uh the type numbers uh but now now you want to have string support you have to set different logic um you have to assert different logic uh so but so you now have a function a and b that has two numbers you have these two numbers are integers you didn't assert that logic and now you want to add a number to a string That's the polymorphic uh like it's polymorphic in nature. You assess different type of data. Um polymorphic nature. Uh lipol is lipolico is a lipo is a polymorphic [ __ ] that that for any language it's language it's data going it doesn't care it just gives that data. Uh it is a huge milestone in uh developing uh APIs. Um I'll show you how it works but about word about lip policle on the store. When you go to the paper.com/ob nexus you get uh you can search for lip polyico uh lip poly can get an individual license uh business license and uh and enterprise more partnership and insight on the project. Uh so that's for projects. Uh individual license is just one license. You just get a use document. You get documentation to get everything to it. And you get the business license. You get the documentation and support. You can message me directly. Uh and then make calls and see how can your business and then uh then um you get um partnership program where you can partner with us on ideas and help us uh help us help you. If you're just really good, you get approval. If you're a business, you want to get approval or disapproval. You work with me. We'll give you insights on the on our tools or more tools that may be useful for you along more data too. So you can help you understand uh how to go about your own business processes too. Uh Leo is a procore library uh using C uh C uh program. Okay. So uh so traditional APIs fall short of uh fall short cuz everything API say you have a weather API and the weather API uh tradition API have have average computations. So if I if I want to say have a weather API a weather API uh a weather API uh I want to make a quot in Python or NodeJS or or or Scala or or even C I have to have a C implementation to drive that logic. I think it's import the the the weather API package for C for Python for um node and all that uh and it's it's it's very it's driver to just drive the logic uh that API is very bad uh have a bad API design because I have to learn the languages with the binance uh with the package itself called binance uh now now I'm going to show you how the polic solves all this problem all the mess of architecture Uh so so what what le does all is very simple uh but it's very beautiful as well.exe is uh is the main entry point for the program. Now the policle has something called a config file. Uh that config file just the binding act. Let me example an analogy. All squares all squares are rectangles. All squares are rectangles. Not all rectangles are squares. Simple. That's a very simple analogy. Uh so this what uses example. So all squares are rectangles. Not all are squares. This means that uh all bindings all bindings to data. Any function that transform data and binds to data are squares in that aspect. Uh they are packages node packages. Node packages uh they don't drive logic. They just bind to data and bind to logic. um that is um the binding of that's called a binding a node polic binding or python policle binding or any binding like that and there is a and there is something uh and and a bon C binding C poly node poly this b what the developers install to change the polyore exe file which is the problem now No, no, no. All binaries are binary protocol. Uh which which ship the data which which server calls to handle the data? That's your server calls the bindings. It's fine. Uh and all drivers are all drivers. So there's no there's no server is a driver code. So the server handles the logic of the user controls the user how these the server uh p binance to drive the second. So you can import node polication of node polic and that polycore binding that's policy for using server. Um now when the end user um wants to come to that API uh so the server uh this server ask model. So that's what the code is. Uh what is a program the exe program it's meant to um serve handle the uh server request. uh what protocol really does what the policle what the policle the polyle x is doing is really uh it's a it's a proxy it's a proxy and a reverse proxy uh program that uh handles the data and and and gives it to the uh gives it to the client uh uh so let me example it has it's an intermediary what it is is an individual proxy system that handles the data server server using the policical binding and the uh and the and the main um and the main clients who was consuming their data. uh introducing model um anybody it's very hard to set up system like that uh cuz you know uh polycore is uh it's one of the tools alone it's really it's one of one of those tools that's really make sure to um that's really uh better than solving problems because you binding from driver code actually execute logic uh uh but the bindings are just mapping to data but what can bindings can still drive logic Uh just remember that. So so I'll show you how to use PCO. So uh let me give you an example. So let me give so much like you have a server on the internet anywhere in the world. Um the first command you want to give you you have first anywhere in the world and it's a proxy system. So when a server a user makes a request to the server um the data the protocol come intercepts the data the service request and then um and then uh intercept in between request and then when and then handles the data hand data processing uh ex handles the data processing and then uh gives it back to the server put it to the server gives to the server and the server stores it and stores it with all his data. Now if the user uh the same user for that data session whatsoever and that that user can then uh request that data again uh and gets that data back uh the problem with protocol so far is uh protocol so far it's it's really it's really program interface it's a program so anyone can request any data of the of the server and the polic we have we have to have authentication commands where authentication authorizes command to make sure the users are authentic authorized Well done. So Polo is a proxy system and a reverse proxy. It's a bouncer at a nightclub. It lets people in. This means reverse proxy. A proxy is someone that intercepts a request of both an agent and it so is a bouncer and a and a proxy system too. Uh so that's the it program configuration files are secured. So um uh so one now introduce the features of polyore. Poly core is a polical library. So you have standard binding system to bind to any language but you can write your own python package anything. Uh if you have a different requirement you suggest you a bank cobalt systems have you have to write your own cobalt bindings to that system and import it to your bank location. So then you use it uh now now uh can use that in secure binding way or you can use uh anything like that. Now, now if you have your own nodejs bin by using node anyone open poly node poly the main objective of poly is to uh poly is the center of all communication you're going to hand data and language list it doesn't care uh just give the data and answer the request get post get post get post remember update delete so crude operations both of them send HTTP request it's a stateless and uh it just serves that data uh to for any binary architecture. Now I want to introduce the commands. You have the the first command I want to introduce is the FFI. So for any language you use um you have FFI command you have Python FFI node FFI uh which natively with the binaries I want to make poly the polymorphic library all I'm going to show you the trial uh again I'm I'm going to introduce command so far. So you got the a poly configuration file to configure um the files on a polical system where the poly file is is uh what it is. So you have a config polic file and uh when you configure the data that's what it is. So what I'm saying now is uh you have the binding the FFI command which for function interface interaction which is seamless communication within for Python binding Python the header H5 Python and you got the uh FFI command. So polyore ffi to handle function interfaces uh allowed to allow you know what I'm saying for systems you don't need configuration you get the micro command for microservices uh microservices are everywhere now so you do micro command is build have a bank card have a bank card component next to a uh ad service you then you want to you want to want to go to the bank card and then you don't know whether third party access is malicious so you have to check the security risk You don't don't want to give security to it either. So you just um isolate the micro what the micro the polyore micro command does isolate the bank service from ad services and that's what the polic micro command does. So you can isolate components uh bank card uh to and that data isolation data ship an API and isolated data in the real world in the real environment and now uh how policy really works is in the real environment you use the polyore file config polic and that's it and that's set up the whole system uh for you can configure you add the binance you add the node b just package node bin which node packages node polic packages so pi polic any polic system you're using to interact with the main system uh and the ship user the data based on anything you want to do that's binding uh you got FFI command you got the core binding core binding logic now you got um the micro command fi config micro and now you trying to make it work on the that new command called edge computing command uh edge computing command is very important it's for node caching uh and trigger updates only when needed. Uh obviously an update say you have a server in uh United States and you have one in UK and you have someone in uh let's say France France France and then don't have a ser no you have a server in US state America and you have a server in uh oh in UK um and the server the server is in the US let's assume that uh and then uh and then you have a new server here but you don't have one in France you don't you don't have one in France how are the cost so it's Also the edge computing command edge uh uh source the edge computing uh problem where we want one one problem to bring Alexa stop where you want to bring data data closer to the source of data so get um computer to get people get comput is very important to get people their data get people information get people where they are uh information as soon as possible you know uh so how this problem solved is solved is um we cach we cach at the nearest node uh on the server Uh so if there's a cach so if if the the US server is in the US server there and then uh UK server yes and now this is from the US server to the UK server because was requested from the front server but the front server uh ces the server where it's going to be get back unless an obvious is triggered on under a database and people using a protocol API on and us then um the polical system will update the system. So so you have France will then make request to the U server to to the UK server. We then look for updates on the front on in the US your server to then deploy the updates but if it's not updated it's all cached and the server just works. That's a poly edge command edge computing command edge edge command. Um and there's one more we got a telemetry command. Uh telemetry command is very important. Uh uh uh cuz we all have a tele is very important for this this gathering inside gathering. So you have a server any server on program language. You want to learn best. You want to know people use your site a lot. You want to know what's what languages you use for tutorial. You want to get insight any data. Um I have any data. uh telemetry can help you gather insight on your data or what people your servers and everything it telemet data insights and information reporting that's what telemet really gives you that's a polical terri version um I'm going to this command to be implemented uh in the full version and it to be it works with the the poly rc file which can be in JSON or the poly standard file Uh so that's what it is. Uh uh for the binary for the binary architecture you don't have to mix and match and don't forget now you have to [Music] now so that's that's a command that's implemented can be implemented but I'm going to show you the code binding command how to use the buckle in a real world environment and uh try to show you how to use it uh how to use it now. Okay uh I'm going to show you how to set this up and use it. Okay, one second. Okay, thank you for watching and like, share, and subscribe. And subscribe.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to OB Nexus. My name is Nami, but you can call me OB Nex Namdi. Um, today I want to like uh update uh tell you about a new uh a new uh I won't say it's a framework. I'll say more a library because I don't like uh frameworks in general. Uh cuz you know it's a UIUS library uh with framework like features. Uh let's call it that. Uh the the um the the library is called uh OBX or OBIX. It is uh it is a UI uh UX library written in uh uh TypeScript uh with NodeJS and roll up. Um O OBIX is really uh or OBI meaning OBI meaning heart or soul in EO uh my EO because I'm an EO man. Uh the heart UI US library. Uh yes uh that's what OBIX is. OBI means heart in ebook or soul or depending on the plane of existence you are from in um uh the UIUX library. Uh it is designed for f uh mitigation where fear, uncertainty and doubt are taken into account to give the best user experience. Uh uh that what that means is that OBIX uh Mrs. F by accessibility support in such a component and all of the above you know uh to mitigate a UI uh uh uh following the mobile mobile first uh principle where you design for a mobile first and not a desktop because the major of the user base I'm always on mobile anyway uh which is why the mobile first uh principle really uh shines uh now how does OBX mitigate uh fear uncertainty and doubt uh we at OB Nexus uh we see fear uh doubt as a barrier between us and our users. Uh anyone working on a project are the stakeholders uh risk and reward. Uh uh the barrier of the consumer and the customer uh between the consumer uh the customer is one that buys the product uh buys and sells and redistributes the product maybe to a franchise some source. Uh but OBX uh we are the stakeholder. I'm a stakeholder. Uh so if I'm a stakeholder working on an OBS project or OBS component uh uh uh which is like a L component which is really react friendly it's a right and play system uh uh after mate forward um think about accessibility uh as a first principle first accessibility uh so how does OBX uh mgate forward really uh at a component layer OBIX uh uh uh integrates uh uh uh WA uh uh the web standard organization attributes and and forces them through policies. Um these followers policies are really decorators or wrappers around functions that invoke when a function calls. Uh think of it as a typical ad decorator that you can uh use a QA matrix which is a true positive true negative force positive for decorate a component such as a react component. Um you have to know that OBIX is not a react component itself but it's react compliance. it really understands uh the features of react in a way that is people can migrate from react into OBIX uh UIUX library. Uh so that's how FUD is first mitigated. Now the second way FUD is mitigated is through teleament system. Uh you can track the state of components and see how something behaves in real time. you know uh using a territory track states of a system uh of the components logic you know instead of exhausted testing each component uh in a in a testing library such as mocker or chai or or or any uh uh or or the standard OBI uh test uh testing frameworks you know you don't have to bottleneck you just you can just track the states uh and toggle uh the state machine of that component life cycle uh like the JavaScript being invoked at that time uh using the library see you can get a telemetry system log that for you and see what's went wrong uh uh between two component policies anything uh uh yes uh so the heart u use library is going to be deployed on npm uh uh which under the monot and polyot or the hybrid uh uh schema uh you have to understand we have three scheas uh uh monogot stands for the the single user basically just nojs or or python or lua just one one one programming code base for one language. The hybrid one allows for both monog and polygon layers of interaction. uh we can you say you can do build an F55 bridge to a foreign to some other low level like you know Sython is a C of Python uh which is like a Syon is it's not generic it's just Syon so if you want to access some low you can use Syon to speed up the process of Python uh your Python uh utilities uh but you know um so that's a schema thing we have a uh the hmon which the polygraph polygraph uh which is like a many languages talking together like a poly polical system physical system. Uh and then we got uh uh uh uh the hybrid model where you can uh interchange uh components uh together. Uh okay. Uh now before before I continue I have to state uh um uh we have a when you if you when when um when uh the OBX uh is released uh system is released onto npm uh you have to it has something called the S semantic engine X uh semantic version X uh extend semantic versioning layers it's the it's my version of semantic version where we have hot subable components and traceable and traceable and traceable uh layers of uh of the system based on the schema definition. uh like you know if if I want to at uh npm.com/ob nexus uh and find my my my package I have a schema code at obexus uh uh uh uh uh I mean like a slash and I install slash or like OBX the schema uh the schema allows flexibility between uh so for example if I download uh if I have to download a package write it down here I think I write it down here uh so if I download a package at OBIX. I I have I have to choose the type I want. Uh slash uh uh slash OBIX uh uh uh I got a few options. Uh um uh uh uh uh mono uh uh monot that means just nojs from npn registry uh uh uh uh dot dot uh hybrid just means hybrid uh systems you know I can use monot and polygon layers uh to build my own program when I do npm install at obi nexus which is my business name uh slash um slash OBX Uh but the default is money got uh so that's the money registry uh and the polygot uh so you got the money hybrid which is hybrid component system uh where you can build your own and deploy uh components in yours in your infrastructure uh or build or you can use a a poly polyglot it means u many many many languages that's poly means many polymorphic uh means many different types of data information polyglot uh so we got that layers Right now uh right now OBIX is scoped to only scoped to uh the only schema schema only supports um right now it's defaulted to uh uh it has to be defaulted to monot because it's very experimental uh monotes for nojs complian systems because we I'm still working on the hybrid architecture uh how how how to allow uh other components like lit uh uh to to interact uh with the OBX oh for that structure and Apollo got allows you to uh to have a backend uh to to separate a shon from the OBX the UIUX backing uh to talk to many other diversity of languages to offer microservices uh for your web infrastructure uh based on the OI oi security model. Uh you have to understand that that OBX is really a a react component system. It looks like React, it feels like but it's not React. Again I repeat that it looks like React. It feels like react but it's not react you know uh there's a lot of uh uh uh uh how this works in layman's terms is uh how how this works how how this works in layman's terms is really uh uh really it just like this so so you write uh you know react standards defines react component if you don't know that that's how standards work a standard device set of features that can be uh configured uh through a a client interface or you You know a standard is a specification a specified uh okay a standard says prop foundation of a of a system like a component like you know react uses functional components and class components but react is bloated has a lot of presence in duality which I'll come address uh next in next video but it's react compliant just means it feels like react it is react it's not react because it basically to define what's a functional component what's an object component it looks like react It feels like like you know the IntelliSense feels like react but on the visual code it's not react um it's not react because of how it work. It's not react because um there's something different about OBX even the hybrid model. Now uh let me continue. Uh so when you uh when you install OBX you have to use monot or the polygon hybrid system uh to using semantic version X which is extended version of the major minor pass system uh where the major uh is the can be versioned to separate the content you know uh say for example you're installing OBX or reward system and you have a mismatch between dependencies uh like you know uh say you have experimental layer uh experimental version like you know uh can give experimental version for each uh for each chair. So you have experimental features. Let's call the features. So say stable has experimental uh stable and legacy um and you want to uh let's stable the function. It's called alpha. Now this alpha channel this alpha channel stays stable. Anything stable can be hot. So what hot is just a simp feature that allows you to replace a feature or a component or something you don't want or downgrade upgrade you know based on the class setup or the taxonomy layer uh for example uh if I'm in alpha the alpha channel and I install I'm in production right now right and something breaks uh like you know I made a small change and my dependency did not resolve uh this is something called a statement expression and intent layer uh this is what OBX really enforces. Uh for example, the state main layer is like you know it's a statement. All statements are really expressions in disguise. A statement is just a true or false true or false. You know is it true or false? You know uh is it a one or zero. You know the computer just so it's like a it's like a boolean formula. It a valid logic and source that formula and then gives you an output true or false. Now this is a boolean is brilliant because you know what depending on how the time complexity of that uh solution what is log n uh uh two n uh uh statement statements resolved into a boolean true or false yes or no one or the other nothing else. Okay. Now the expression layer is it's like you know it allows you to express intent uh expressing so layer takes the statement one step further. It returns an array a structure to of that data. you know if I say something is true what is the outcome of that digital what am I actually getting back from uh the function that I impose or the logic I have I have driven uh and that's how that works so so and the intent layer is the configuration system that says what's my intent when something fails so if you're an alpha channel not the beta channel because that's like development uh and the beta and alpha channel is uh uh is uh released into github from github.com/minus to the npm registry uh so that's what that is So the M uh smart allows like if you remember the if you remember uh the ship of T-shirts uh uh what what is what really allows uh uh the component system for OBX you allows you to swap out uh versions uh or or updates based on a schema tax like you know how much stable uh like you know each code name. If I name a stable version um stable uh uh code monkey code uh uh uh stable uh uh uh Stegosaurus uh Stegosaurus uh uh uh stable Stegosaurus, you know, that's a stable uh and I and and I and then I have a new stable which is an long-term support system uh for the for the OBX schema which is uh sematic version at OBNX. like semantic in X. Uh I can swap uh I can now migrate those features into another stable uh class. Uh maybe call a new code name like a uh um long uh uh uh u um stick extended uh like you know S for you know something that maps to a new version and that's how the evolution works in the system uh using specification. Now it's all standards are specifications uh but not all specific are status uh because specification declares more features evolution uh like you know how does something how do you define a new foundation uh so we don't roll back changes it allows the system to evolve uh hence evolution adaptation at OBS uh you have to understand that um um this statement especially layer and intent configuration uh is really can be any web compliance system like XML JSON uh or or packages JSON or YAML or yander you know, anything that can configure a system in real time. Uh, and a robot could change and map the statement expression layers to the intent to allow for templating of housing uh for the OB system. So, this is just a a good thing to do because it allows you to to separate what you want to do uh from what you want to uh achieve in a in a in a what you see is what you mean confirmation system. Or is it a way? Okay. Um, there's two type of system we can make. You can make a what you see is what you mean correction but what you see is what you get you know uh you know because what you see uh what you see it's like you know if you have a UI which is what kind of ambiguity because you know these are UI interface structures you know what you see is what you mean it's like what you type in like HTML syntax uh the meaning or description matches what you see uh and what you see is what you get is is more of a web philosophy when you have a like you know something like uh something like a web like something uh something like like like a like like like a like a like an RSS feed you know you want to map some data to it uh so what you see is what you get is really about uh like you know WordPress you know making process website but you don't have the you don't understand fully understand the structure uh which is some this is a gap between the two systems because these are two different ways of addressing a UI UX problem uh so we can use the conver system to give intent to of that system using what you mean what you mean What you see is what you mean or what you see what you get. Uh, okay. Yes. Uh, about about the react component. It looks like react. It feels like but it's not react. Uh, in the next video I will show you uh a proof of concept of something called um the data oriented adapter. uh the data origin adapter is really a key principle a pre- prototype uh proof of concept that grounds the whole foundation of the OBI system but you know uh there's three main uh um there's a tennis tracker example about how the uh tennis tracker or the automative state memorization works and we got some some prototypes I can show you too which I will show you in the next future but you know OBIX or the heart see this logo it's going there no here not I'm putting here, but I think it's here. Flip. I don't know. It's here. Yes, it's here. Um, this heart, how this, you know, make it look good there. It's kind of hard, you know. That's my heart. You know, so the OBX system allows you to be flexible in how you translate uh LTS or long-term support uh into stable branches allowing for developers and channels, alpha channels to be uh cohesively matched to each other over a development over the time span of development for new features. evolving a standard into a configuration system that can be formally described in a in a schema uh such an SQL SMS schema or JSON schema or whatever you're building schemas with nowadays uh uh but you know this allows for human out of the loop system uh uh which is H O2 uh to really uh uh like AI system that needs to be operational and autonomous by themselves uh to be able to understand uh also to stand instead and describe what we want to the system to avoid uh the downgrade system where we where we don't have some mishmash. Um uh so so in the next video think in next video we we will look at uh something called the data or adapter uh which is like my invention of a separation of consump data that translates a functional code into object own which is one foundational uh minimum viral product and prototype uh for the OBIX UI UX library. Uh we then look at the tennis tracker uh which is a state state machine minimization uh that works by um minimizing states of a machine by removing redundancies entirely not tracking only what's needed uh to minim simplify program uh interaction and also look at how the how the uh how the how how horting uh how horting how how how the concept of horting state hing uh uh in a system uh uh like you know so example say you have an app uh and you have an app and you and you catch some data uh and you leave that app uh it's like a it's like a big app it's a big app uh uh like but you know it's a big it's a big bloated app uh it starts up slow and everything uh one way around this problem is to cash only what you need uh as well because you know when you do an LU cash you have to cash all the whole system and a victim when user clears it it's a passive caching strategy but you know when you actively host a state of a caching system you and then and then when user say uh commit something and users is not returning with that storage anymore. It catches that state of the information and then evict it. Eviction when the user wants to evict it, he can come back but you know only catches what is needed based on the automation state algorithm. Uh so when the caching is done when the cession is done uh and user uh say just closes the app for some reason uh and want to resume user can just click on the app and resume because the LI caching the loose caching uh uh cacher uh or if you enforce a TT D TTL type of cash or time to live uh caching strategy uh really just lows uh the state of the component business telemetry tracking system or or what's been already uh transferred where the user's progress is at basically uh allows for the user to to maintain interaction with that system without starting over again and reconfiguring settings or going through the settings too much because you know it remember it remembers the state of the application before and after it was closed. You just have to have a checkpoint to know uh to dictate how the user will behave and how it doesn't have to have a check but you know depending on the how you can just save a check point anyway for the user or give them frequent saves you know give them option to save the progress you know how many settings but you know that's how that works um so um so that's what it is so we forward we are uh uh Okay. Um, thank you. Uh, that's all from me today. Uh, in this video, uh, my name is Ob Namji, but you can call me Obexam. Michael Apala. Uh, thank you and goodbye. Uh, check out the repository at github.com/obi nexus OBIX uh, which is the OBUX UIUX library. Uh, I'll demonstrate the proof prototypes after I make this video in the end of video. Thank you.
You know this is for people that programraph this  for people who want to program the use if for bra forc bra I for any god I'm going to show you. So  without further ado let's let's do let's do this. So OB is a hunting US library. Let's get into  an update. Uh today's dated 26th of March 26 26th of March 22nd. Time now is uh 10 11 12 no 112. Let's get started. So we have here the poly rep floor on V1 you get  it as here the poly here we have this file here and this file going to index  basically controls control shift and control roots This one going to run. Uh this one for this one time. This is demo and to  get all the packages here. So if you go back hang on get the my packages. Get uh  ubix here. So you get um stars. How do you get stars? I get [clears throat] how I proically um every package do  you need to run a system of books? Um so you got good if I go to I'll get it.  So the code the code first let's see we got so it's a live concept of the system LTD. Yeah. This is the we installed pure data or no react no just observe uh solutions. So in the simplest in the simplest possible proof of all  this standalone uh brought into uh system you know in user action  you get updates action I guess we get two type of runtime  function runtime and uh um detap So, so this will see uh the monitory here. This  is the one time code. So, if I start this one, I'm going to start it here. You start this.  So, if you go to github.com access this concept for it and this is the um store here. We get a  button logic get a render function and get DP the map function on the data and you get to me  the chest. This is the country and I have two star one stars. I just started with two stars. Perfect. Uh [clears throat] so good  detail on top of time now um 26 of 11 yeah 11 um 26 British standard time  and you have this mean so you can get everything there but you know you're going to have two models  too going to have the the component. What is B? I have adapters. [clears throat] The difference between the  function function component is the class. This what   it does. Uh let me try and clone and show you.  [clears throat] So now we call it here clone. Thank you. I like food. So obviously um yeah so let me show  you how you're going to have mpmator you get this dependency here only one dependency  you need to do with them. So if you go here one that is a Linux listen to V2.  So this is not really working bundle. and see this if you want uh V1 doesn't work. So  if you want input here can see Hello. get this comm. But you know, you get some you get the one here. You get V 1.1. So this is one  download. Uh what we need download but you know I installed it here. You know you got to have this notification. So if you survive you have the components here  and the components are obvious but this is like an serp So you see the violence from the public. You can see he's struck out so  fast in see new heavens. New house. You don't see seriously false, you know. seducing and see does what works as intended.  So key takeaways guys take the system. So this is called and the hard library using a poly code to make  a UI school and this is the my whole writing my web pages in systems of uh in this kind  of because I'm writing my home web page here I'm writing in this so if you go to here if you  come here you can store Open access LCD condos animation frame GP is called I don't download and install it basically and  it goes to you build and you get kind of and you see so far it's super adapter  work. So if I go to DP adapter how DP works to me so off and comp this what um component you build just build  all these components functional for Dr. Uh the first matter seems Okay. So guys, thank you for watching  this YouTube. This is the um KTO is plus you know uh that's really the goal.  It's a bundle repository and ensures that you can continue working and  build something out of the build. It's   all sorted out works. It's beautiful. It's  all good and dusted and it works intended. Thank you for working with this. You saved us all.
----
___

Or is OBI SDK running as a separate service that OBIx queries 

non-monoglto everthying is decoupled  github.com/obinexusmk2/libpolycall-v1 run a differnet service to other on te netowk 
